Alright, we're flippin' over
to working on the shopping cart.
First we're gonna start off with just the visual part of it,
building it out in React,
and then we're gonna circle back
and actually hook up the adding to cart,
pulling the items out of cart,
listing the items that are in cart,
removing them from cart.
There's a whole bunch that is gonna be going on here.
So, first, before we even get into that, let's go ahead
and just add yourself in, I dunno,
five or six different items, and then we'll get going.
Alright, so we need to open up our header.js
which is where our cart is gonna go into,
and then we also need to make a new component.
Let's go into the components folder
and create a new file called, cap LC cart.js*
and inside of there, we're gonna import
a couple styled components, so first of all
import React from react and we need
four different style components that we have.
We need one called CartStyles.
We need another one called Supreme.
We need another one called CloseButton.
We need another one called SickButton,
which we've used before.
Import all of those, import from styles.
Okay, so all I'm doing there is I just wrote them all,
I copied them and then I paste them in as I need them.
Then we'll make our cart.
Const Cart is equal to let's use a stateless component here.
Actually, it's gonna need a block
and then I'm just gonna return from that our CartStyles
inside of that just do a header, regular header tag,
inside of that give yourselves a CloseButton,
custom component, that needs a title called "close".
And inside of there I'm going to use my
ampersand times, that will give us that
nice little x to close the actual cart.
Then below, we're gonna use Supreme,
which is just an H3 if you open it up.
It's just a styled H3 with some fanciness in it.
That's going to say Your Cart,
and we're going to go back and swap out Your
with your actual name once we have the queries rolling.
Underneath that, we'll just have a paragraph tag
that says You Have, let's just say underscore underscore
Items in your cart.
Gonna fill that out with the actual number of items.
Below that we need a footer, we need a paragraph tag,
let's just put 11, let's just put ten dollars and ten cents.
Obviously, this is going to be swapped out
with the actual value of our cart.
And then we need a SickButton inside of that,
as just a check out.
I think that's good, then we can go ahead and
export default cart and, one other thing is that
this cart style needs an open prop pass to it,
and it's gonna either gonna be true or false,
and I'll show you what that is.
Let's open up the CartStyles and this is just
our CartStyles, it's a style div.
And inside of it, we will automatically
translate x 100 percent, and what that's gonna do is
that's gonna put it off screen.
However, if it has a prop of open,
it's going to transform it zero,
and that will bring it back on screen.
So let's just see how that looks.
We'll head back to our header and import the cart.
We'll go NProgress up, that up,
then we'll import the cart, we'll go down,
into our header, right where it says cart,
we can replace that with a cart tag.
And CartStyle is not defined, let's jump back to our cart.
There's an s on that.
Hey, there we go.
So this is what our cart looks like.
Obviously I've done the styles to put this button
in the top right hand corner.
You have this title that says your cart,
here it's gonna tell us how many items in our cart.
Then in between here, we're going to loop over
the items in our cart and display them.
And then finally we have a total,
as well as a button that will allow us to
consummate the transaction.
You see that we take this open and
either remove it or set it to false.
The cart will go offscreen, bring it back,
it will put it back on screen.
And that's the whole point, that we're gonna be
setting up booley in here that's gonna live in our
palostore, that can be toggled between true and false
and whenever that's changed anywhere on our page,
this thing will trigger a re-render and it will,
it will apply that CSS to put it off page.
So that's exactly what we're gonna do in the next video.
We're gonna jump into getting local state
to also live in our Apollo client.